this video is brought to you by alien
we're featuring Intel Core i7 processors
start gaming so I've played the black
ops 3 beta on ps4 Xbox watch that leave
obviously the PC version the extremely
busy recently is only a chance to jump
on and play day and this is one of my
very first full games on the beta I'm
playing my brand new Alienware laptop
I'll leave a link to a specs details all
that good stuff down below in the
description because you guys always ask
for it as you know I'm not an expert on
PC so it always varies how well I do I'm
all about 2 controller but end up doing
doing it right let's see I do playing
the black ops 3 beta on PC let's jump
into it right so I am I'm still never
won fair enough score at level 1 but
I've done a few games fiddling with my
settings alright because trying to get
the backup free PC version to look good
and play good is a little bit of balance
but it's my first recorded game let's
see how it go we'll use them straight up
in their spawn no chill no - I should be
featherweights to our team which way up
in their spawn and if you else around
here nice UAV kit key and I'm rockin
already Thank You teammates oh I've got
the cure for that I'll let him play the
last bullet or something gabba gabba
gabba don't charge a fruit you change
don't you change you're not good enough
you're not good enough easy job no I got
line but it's to kill this guy can I do
it should I do it should I try ok PST
PST peas Oh Razorback yes this is what I
want none of this default class madness
I've got will be doing with right now in
order me yes ok free Lotus bad boy
I'm intense right now gotta realize I'm
not a PC player guys nice sassy look
good
cheeky shotgun kill there people are
walking whoa ok I see you bro I see you
want to try and pick up as many of those
tags at the left as possible via
scavenger for tags
scavenge cabin scavenge I can't see any
this is sick great scavenger valley
there we go okay there's a lot of guys
around there
yeah you landed it all on top of them oh
good my don't actually know how to slide
in the PC beta
yep dad it's a problem I have right now
I'm sorry yeah there we go there we go
maybe else around here honestly don't
even care how to cool in the street no
that's the wrong button I do play PC I
swear to God
like what I press with five or six or
swear it's number one there we go whoa
all right we're good we good we good we
good good
yes no no you don't know that great
leader yes boys oh oh we call of our
sweet you Matt we're six and one right
now okay I know I know I know it's not
like ridiculously insane but just give
me my chance all right um I cycle
through killstreaks obviously look
witnesses openness is awkward oh my gosh
are you a diverse cooler duty PCP known
to man what should I do
it's going kill and that's what I got to
do nice all right level two baby first
rank up the PC baser I like it hmm
look my friend oh how am I making these
plays are on a level like guys um I
don't know I don't know I want to use my
hellstorm I don't want to use my other
one
all right whatever they did Schwimmer
you Eve you a really great job boy oh
thank you so much thank you so much I
want to find a sport I can I'm going to
use this talent I even care I'm just
gonna use his talent whatever I'm
probably gonna die using it guys but
what about the fun rise we're about a
fun let's go kick butt and take some
names hopefully nice good job teammate
though I don't even mind that you stole
my kill jack you can have it my friend
whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh it's not doing some
crashing around here you know what I
mean is if you can crash your sing ways
it we do dissing sensitivity so long
okay I'm just getting beautiful
hitmarkers right now is that wait am i
killing anyone I'm not am I freaking
wait nine uh nice cannot be a talent
fail
this cannot be a towel on fail right
here there's one cool there's two yes we
actually got some kills like that like
that it's going to kill this guy's well
c'mon
here we go come on yes okay beautiful we
didn't win do a completely useless job
am I still alive let's kill this guy
excuse last guy or what you can traverse
back in time
ah do the mattress to live holy cow
alright school's babbling and ain't
messing around I mean
we go go go let's go kill these guys
yes boys big plays ah nice go oh my gosh
oh my gosh
run run I don't even think I don't you
think we've got a counter UAV in I just
gave away my position to everyone like
to make up my tags are tunic attacks get
run okay okay hot sell lightning strike
I'm gonna one-up your moan like you
strike boys no don't don't don't don't
come don't go can we go can please don't
kill me please come quickly
one okay one kill that's you right
that's right I don't know how I think be
actually oh my gosh
no no no Oh Michael use the exact same
spot maybe even the exact same do 20 and
- I think be using my specialist
I'm not been using I'm scared I'm going
to give away my position to the better
PC players no meme but we're doing right
right now it's just like this is not too
bad know what I mean I thought we were
doing an axonal axis is not the time
this is a lot of time but it's not axe
this is not the time right now this is
not the time we're actually doing a
right watch you're doing a right and we
need to hold it down one more kill Bowie
on taking up a baking it is you guys
just saw level 2 mouse you get ourself a
channel you must get ourselves double
double freaking like shooting down
things you know what I mean guides that
has been some gameplay of the black ops
3 pc beta unfortunate had an extremely
busy reaping trap
chuckles so I had a two times rank up
properly
I hope the games look too bad tried to
make a sentence rather as good as I
could but there you go guys if you want
to see more and let me know I'll
definitely be playing this game on all
consoles when it comes out regardless
being a bit nuts being a bit nuts thank
you so much for watching you guys are
absolutely awesome check out the end
when I'm playing down below in the
description and I'll see you guys on
another black ops 3 video